feat(curriculum): add steps for report card printer workshop (#64801)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-report-card-printer/694648acde178bb8202d9512.md

---
id: 694648acde178bb8202d9512
title: Step 4
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-4
---

# --description--

The report card should also show whether the student is currently enrolled.

Declare a variable named `is_student` and assign it the value `True`.

> This value is not a string: `True` and `False` are boolean values and represent a yes-or-no condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report card should also show whether the student is currently enrolled. This can be represented using a boolean value.

Boolean values represent a yes-or-no condition, and they are often used to make decisions in code. There are only two boolean values: `True` and `False`.

Declare a variable named `is_student` and assign it the value `True`.
```
